Document IFormFileCollection vs IReadOnlyList<IFormFile> binding behavior in Minimal APIs (#37180)
dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/fundamentals/minimal-apis/includes/parameter-binding8-10.md

Reviewer: Could the API names that are rendered in code style be xref links instead?

Reviewer 2: Thaks, god point.  Updated with links.

#### IFormFile collection binding behavior

The following table summarizes how different `IFormFile` collection parameter types are bound in Minimal APIs. The general guidance that the parameter name in the route handler must match the form field name applies to `IFormFile` and supported named file collections such as `IReadOnlyList<IFormFile>`, but not to `IFormFileCollection`, which binds all uploaded files.

| Parameter type | Bound value | Honors parameter name? |
| --- | --- | --- |
| `IFormFileCollection` | All files in `HttpContext.Request.Form.Files` | No |
| `IFormFile` | The single file whose form field name matches the parameter name | Yes |
| `IReadOnlyList<IFormFile>` | All files whose form field name matches the parameter name | Yes |
| Other `IFormFile` collection types (`IEnumerable<IFormFile>`, `List<IFormFile>`, `IFormFile[]`, etc.) | Not supported — parameter is not populated | N/A |

Use `IFormFileCollection` when you need all uploaded files regardless of form field name. Use `IReadOnlyList<IFormFile>` when you need only the files whose form field name matches the parameter name.

> [!NOTE]

> > This same binding behavior applies to properties on `[AsParameters]` types and form-mapped complex types, since the form-mapping layer is shared with Blazor.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> [!NOTE]
> The `IFormFile` collection binding rules in the preceding table also apply to properties on `[AsParameters]` types and form-mapped complex types, since the form-mapping layer is shared with Blazor.
```

> <a name="bindcc"></a>

Reviewer: The attribute should be `id`; `name` Is deprecated in HTML5.

> <a name="bindcc"></a>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<a id="bindcc"></a>
```
